okay so last night in one of my guitar
classes I was asked if there was a way
to slow videos down from the internet
for backing tracks and what-have-you and
I'll be honest I didn't know the answer
so I've done a bit of searching this
morning and I've I have worked out a way
that you can do it
the way to do it is to get QuickTime and
you can get that for Mac or PC and
there's a free version which is the one
that I'm using at the moment the pro
version has a lot more features like
being able to loop in certain sections
but this this version should give you
everything that you need so what you
need to do is to get the video from
whichever source you're using and now
there's a lot of a lot of programs out
there that allows you to download videos
to your hard drive from from YouTube and
Vimeo and places like that so you're
just gonna have to do a search for those
I haven't had a chance to test them but
once you add go it down to your hard
drive then it's pretty straightforward
if you open the video up in in QuickTime
then you'll see like what we've got here
with the video showing now if you go up
to vs. window you'll see that there's a
little tab a tab called show AV controls
if you click on that it brings the the
audio up there and the video settings
you'll see at the bottom that we've got
some playback settings as well and
you've got playback speed so what you
can do is you can speed it up if you
want or you can slow it down so if we
play this at normal tempo then sorry I'm
gonna get rid of that first the players
have normal temperatures
so you can see that we're running at
full speed there but if we go back up to
window and show AV move this down
so you'll see there that what we've got
is that we're keeping there the that
pitch the same but we've just slowed it
down so hopefully that's going to help
you to practice a lot some things that
you might find online